A new blog article about cljs advanced compilation problems. (#355)
solita/solita.github.com: _posts/2020-06-25-taming-cljs-advanced-compilation.md

with externs if you are using a build tool like lein-cljsbuild. Or, provide externs files of your own if needed. 
Otherwise, Closure Compiler will munge references to externally defined symbols unintentionally during advanced 
compilation causing errors found only later when running the compiled code.

To add externs of your own, use a compiler option for example: `":externs ["externs.js"]"` and provide an
externs.js file in your working directory.

Also, It is good to use `":infer-externs true"` compiler option. This option will enable generating externs automatically
for JavaScript interop calls.

It is worth to know, that Closure Compiler includes externs for stable JavaScript APIs, but newer features that have an
experimental status might not be included yet. The experimental APIs change very quickly, so it makes no sense to include
them in the Closure Compiler tool. So, if you are planning to use some experimental features, make sure 
you add them to your own externs file.

Read more about using external JavaScript libraries from [here](http://lukevanderhart.com/2011/09/30/using-javascript-and-clojurescript.html)

> ### Splitting code might cause name collisions

Reviewer: Could this have a short intro on code splitting, followed by the potential problems it causes, before proceeding to the solution?

Author: I didn't want to get too detailed here. However, I added a link to Code Splitting manual and changed the wording a bit.

This option will also increase the final build size like the `":rename-prefix"` option, so think before using it.

There are other interesting compiler options not directly related to advanced optimizations, such as `":fn-invoke-direct"` 
which can be useful for optimizing performance-critical code. You can read more about them in CLJS 
[documentation](https://clojurescript.org/reference/compiler-options).

## Debugging Advanced Compilation bugs

If you suspect you might have a problem with advanced compilation, often hinted by errors in the browser 
console that might make no sense, it is best to approach the problem in the following way.

Add two additional compiler options `":pseudo-names true"` and `":pretty-print true"` for your Advanced Compilation build.
Your error will now show a readable name that corresponds to the name in the source code. 
This will help you to deduce if an extern definition is missing.

Additionally, if your error goes away after enabling the above-mentioned compiler options, it gives you a hint
of a possible name collision problem. When there is a problem with a munged variable name colliding with an external 

> variable name, the problem goes disappears when munged variable name changes, like what happens when enabling the :pseudo-names option.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variable name, the problem disappears when the munged variable name changes, like what happens when enabling the :pseudo-names option.  
```

> Often, if not fixed properly, the name collision issues can arise and then be magically "fixed" when one adds new code
> changes and causes changes in munged variable names in the build output. It is best to eliminate these problems for good.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often, if not fixed properly, the name collision issues can arise and then be magically "fixed" when one adds new 
changes, which in turn causes changes in munged variable names in the build output. It is best to eliminate these problems for good.
```
Maybe something like this?

Let's go back to the beginning. 
We had an error when running our built web app in Chrome. Firefox had no issues.
```
Uncaught Error: No protocol method IMultiFn.-add-method defined 
                for type function: function XR() { [native code] }
    at Nb ((index):964)
    at yh ((index):443)
    at (index):236
```

The Stack Trace was pointing to a certain multimethod in the original source code. 
At the first glance, the error might make no sense. The compiled code is trying to invoke -add-method IMultiFn protocol method 
for a function named XR. When searching for the munged ```XR``` in the build output, everything seems to be fine. 
```XR``` looks good and should work, right?
The key thing to notice in the error message is the `"[native code]"` part of `"function XR() { [native code] }"`.
This tells us, that the compiled code is trying to invoke a native browser function ```XR``` instead of our munged ```XR```. 
By chance, the Closure Compiler named our multimethod to ```XR``` which happens to collide with the browser provided 
```XR``` function.

Occasionally you can encounter errors like this when using an older version of Closure Compiler.

> Developers add new features to web browsers all the time. When a user upgrades his/her web browser there is a chance 
> a new reserved word was added that can collide with a munged variable. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers add new features to web browsers all the time. When a user upgrades his/her web browser there is a chance 
a new reserved word was added that collides with a munged variable. 
```
Nitpicking..
